Refresh azure ad b2c docs (#4301)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: astro/src/content/docs/lifecycle/migrate-users/provider-specific/azureadb2c.mdx

Now you can set up the App Registration for the Microsoft Graph API access. Follow [this guide](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory-b2c/microsoft-graph-get-started?tabs=app-reg-ga), including the <InlineUIElement>Create Client Secret</InlineUIElement> section. Record both the Client Secret, and the Application (client) ID as above.

Next, you'll need to set up an Azure Function to receive the login requests from FusionAuth and return the user's profile. The Function will pass the credentials on to Azure AD B2C and, when the authentication succeeds, retrieve the user's profile from Microsoft Graph, then return a FusionAuth friendly JSON object.

#### Configuring the Azure Function

The Azure Function receives the login request from FusionAuth, attempts to log the user in via ROPC, and then returns a FusionAuth user object on success. The Function will call the [Users](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/user-get?view=graph-rest-1.0&tabs=http) API after successful authentication to get additional user attributes, which will then be transformed into a FusionAuth compatible format.

> When setting this up, modify the example Function code provided in this guide. Here's the entire sample Azure Function (use a currently supported Node LTS version):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When setting this up, modify the example Function code provided in this guide. Here's the entire sample Azure Function (use a current Node LTS version):
```
nitpick: simplify
